This preview is still a bit of a ways away from a final product, but I think it already begins to display the argument I delineated in my proposal: that which states that we all need to embrace all forms and genres of music in order to not only become better music fans and musicians, but to become better people. As you can see, there is a mix of artists, both new and old, from across genres, included in the preview. I chose a lot of these artists because they each represent fusion or genre innovation in some way. A pair of choices which I'd like to highlight is that of Frank Ocean and Don Henley. I'm a big Eagles fan (who isn't?), and their music actually does have some degree of fusion to it, but I have a big bone to pick with Don Henley, who called Frank Ocean a "talentless little prick" after he sampled Hotel California. As a fan of Frank's, and of many other artists who sample, and as a musician who samples, I take some offense to this. Henley is included in this piece because he's antithetical to the "embrace" argument; he's exactly the type of person who needs to change. I've also thought about including one or two other rock musicians who have spoken ill of modern production techniques. It's just something that really irks me. It's an act that is very closed-minded, conservative, out of touch (a lot of modern techniques are way cheaper; not everyone can afford thousands of dollars of analog equipment/the equivalent in studio time, so to insist that amateurs use "the old way" is pretty silly), and, considering that many musicians who pioneered these techniques are people of color, it's kinda racist.

In terms of next steps, there are quite a few structural and polishing tasks which need to be completed. First of all, I need to finish compiling assets. I have a working list of artists and objects/instruments/equipment that I'd like to include. This process can be tedious, but it is essential to me figuring out the layout of my piece. Once all of my assets are cropped and layered/arranged together, I will then have a more cohesive idea of the piece and can decide on the design of the background and the font/color/overall design of the text. I don't want to make these decisions ahead of time, because I'm assuming that they will be very much informed by the quantity and quality of the assets which I ultimately include. I have most of the technical skills required to complete these tasks, with just a couple points to learn/brush up on. Overall, I think this preview provides a good idea of where I'm headed.
